There are three concepts we would want to look at,which are web query,operators and google dork.
Web query or web search query is a query that a user enters into a web search engine to get their information needs.They are distinctive in the sense that they are often plain text which rarely uses boolean search directives. They vary much from standard query languages,which are goveerned by strict syntax rules as command languages with keyword or positional parameters.
There are four types of web query which are;Informational queries that cover abroad topic for which there may be thousands of relevant results .g colorado.,Navigational queries seeks a single website or web page of a single entity e.g youtube.,Transactional queries reflects the intent of the user to perform a particular action like purchasing a car.,then the fourth been Connectivity queries that report on the connectivity of the indexed web page e.g which links point to this URL?.
Web queries are been characterised by an average length of 2.4 terms,less than 5% users uses advanced search features,top four most frequently used terms,close to half of the users examined only the first one page or two pages of results,about a half of the users entered asingle query while less than entered three or more unique queries.
Opertor is another concept which is a character that represents a specific mathematical or logical action or process. Mostly in computer programs Boolean operators are the most familiar set of operators which returns answers or results as true or false values. These operators are AND,OR,NOT,AND NOT,NEAR while operators such as XOR are used in logic gates. These set of boolean operators can be used in online search engines like google.We have six types of operators which are;Arithemetic,Relational,Bitwise,Logical,Assignment and Increament/decreament operators each with their specific symbol for actions.
Google dork query is a search string or custom query that uses advanced search operators(boolean operators) to find information not readily available on a website. goole dorking could also mean google hacking;which can return information not intended for public viewing which is not protected making it easy to be dorked by a hacker. Google dorking is a passive attack or hacking means involving the use of a custom query.
